QUESTION # 01: How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

   It was easy to find bugs through reflection as it just showed the changed part.

QUESTION # 02: How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

    It makes programmer more efficient as if at later stages any disaster occur in the code we can easily find that by viewing history.

QUESTION # 03: What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

    Manual work is always time consuming.

QUESTION # 04: Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

    Git provide the feature of saving multiple files in one commit while Google Docs not so.

QUESTION # 05: How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

    Don't know.

QUESTION # 06: How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

    As we can get back the previous version if any bug or error appear in the code.

QUESTION # 07: Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

    To keep track of all the changes one make during his coding.

QUESTION # 08: How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more efficient programmer in the long term?

    It makes us an efficient programmer in a way that it saves time and if we do any mistake and our code crashes at later stages we can have our previous right code.

QUESTION # 09: What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, 
like Google Docs does?

    Having versions automatically saves time.

QUESTION # 10: Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file
separately?

    Git offer this feature so that we can have multiple files at one place and we can easily see the changes made in all of them.

QUESTION # 11: How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?
    git log --stat and git diff commit_id_1 commit_id_2

QUESTION # 12: How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?    
    Using command git checkout

Question # 13: Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

   For comparing files, for commiting for launching editor and many more
  






